Host: Cheryl Hung (chung@linuxfoundation.org)

### Introductions (Cheryl and attendees)
* Jon Meadows, JP Morgan
* Rich Heironimus, Freddie Mac
* Jimmy Ray, Vip Sharma - Capital One
* Mike Lieberman, Tim Miller - MUFG
* Jori Kuusinen - FinReach
* Ken Brooks, Cody McCain, Michael Payne - JPMC
* Chris Hawkins - Baillie Gifford
* Oscar Sumano - Morgan Stanley
* Lutz Behnke, Niklas Voss - Figo
* Amr Abdelhalem - Fidelity Investments
* Xavier Gondelmann BNP Paribas
* Donald Liu - CNCF
* Russell Sellers - Citi

### Brief note on seeking Legal Guidance
Each contributor is responsible for conducting their own compliance and legal checks before raising topics in a public forum.  Reminder to check with internal team for sign off ahead of discussions.

### Debrief from Kubecon
Brief discussion based upon the Birds of a feather session held in Barcelona.  Around 50-75 participants, two new focus areas were raised (Engage Regulator & auditor groups, Engage key OSS project maintainers - Istio).

### Suggest to use GitHub issues for focus areas
Jon Meadows suggested approach to use labelled GitHub issues to log the focus areas being discussed and log volunteers for contributions.
Approach seemed reasonable.  Discussion led to participants needing sign off ahead of volunteering to lead or contribute to each focus area.
#### [Complete] [Action: Jon Meadows to create issues based upon initial focus areas + insights from Kubecon BOF session]

### Suggestion was raised to create Instant Messaging comms channel
Discussion around how to keep communications flowing post Kubecon, several collaboriation tools suggested including Symphony (Jon Meadows).  Ken Brooks suggested looking into hackmd.io rather than google docs due to inability to access in some enterprises.  Participants had suggested using Slack at Kubecon.  
#### [Complete] [Action: Mike Lieberman to create issue to discuss collaboriation tools]
#### [Complete] [Action: Cheryl to create #fsug channel within CNCF - Note subsequently put on hold until group decides most appropriate communications channel]

### Request was raised at Kubecon to hold face to face meetings in London
Concerns over too many existing conferences, meet ups.  Given that participants are spread geographically we would not expect participants to travel to these meetings.  Likely to piggy back existing meet up
#### [Action: Ken Brooks, Vip Sharma, Jon Meadows to discuss proposal offline]

### Suggestion to request Security SIG members to attend next session
As one of the focus areas centres around the Kubernetes Threat Model a suggestion was raised to discuss this with the Security SIG at our next meeting.
